README.md, before:

# Offline, mobile ESV Bible

A [progressive web app](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Progressive_web_app) built with [create-react-app](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app) that uses the [ESV V2 API](http://www.esvapi.org/api/). Content is cached for offline use.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/esvbible/esvbible.github.io.svg?branch=dev)](https://travis-ci.org/esvbible/esvbible.github.io)

## Development

### Set up

Get [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/en/) and run:

    yarn install
    
### Dev server and tooling

Start the dev server and open http://localhost:3000

    yarn start
    
You can also optionally start the type checker and unit tests (in separate terminals, since they've got watchers):

    yarn typecheck
    yarn test
    
## Deploying

Push to the `dev` branch and wait for [the Travis build](https://travis-ci.org/esvbible/esvbible.github.io) to run.

## Credits

Search icon made by <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/authors/lucy-g" title="Lucy G">Lucy G</a> from <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/" title="Flaticon">www.flaticon.com</a> is licensed by <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/" title="Creative Commons BY 3.0" target="_blank">CC 3.0 BY</a></div>

Commit message:

add about page with fine print

README.md, after:

# Offline, mobile ESV Bible

A [progressive web app](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Progressive_web_app) built with [create-react-app](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app) that uses the [ESV V2 API](http://www.esvapi.org/api/). Content is cached for offline use.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/esvbible/esvbible.github.io.svg?branch=dev)](https://travis-ci.org/esvbible/esvbible.github.io)

## Development

### Set up

Get [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/en/) and run:

    yarn install
    
### Dev server and tooling

Start the dev server and open http://localhost:3000

    yarn start
    
You can also optionally start the type checker and unit tests (in separate terminals, since they've got watchers):

    yarn typecheck
    yarn test
    
## Deploying

Push to the `dev` branch and wait for [the Travis build](https://travis-ci.org/esvbible/esvbible.github.io) to run.

# Small print

## License

Source code [licensed under the MIT
License](/esvbible/esvbible.github.io/blob/dev/LICENSE).

## Credits

Scripture quotations are from the ESV® Bible (The Holy Bible, English Standard
Version®), copyright © 2001 by Crossway, a publishing ministry of Good News
Publishers. Used by permission. All rights reserved. You may not copy or
download more than 500 consecutive verses of the ESV Bible or more than one
half of any book of the ESV Bible.

Search icon made by <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/authors/lucy-g" title="Lucy G">Lucy G</a> from <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/" title="Flaticon">www.flaticon.com</a> is licensed by <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/" title="Creative Commons BY 3.0" target="_blank">CC 3.0 BY</a></div>
